	The narrators in Adichie’s stories play a central role not only in telling the story, but also in determining how close the reader is "allowed" to become to the characters. Through her first and third-person narrators, as well as the unusual second-person narrator in the title story to her anthology, she is able to tell unreliable stories – typical of first-person narrators, such as in Cell One; overly-factual, almost emotionless stories – as is the case in The Headstrong Historian; amongst others.
	In the title story, The Thing Around Your Neck, we’re presented with a second person narrator, which creates a sense of universality to the story. What is happening in the story, your uncle attempting to molest you, finding an illegally-paying job, etc, is not happening to her – it is happening to you. This is your story. So despite never having personally experienced anything in her world, the narrator is able to put the reader in the heart of the story. This "inviting" narrator poses an interesting contrast to Cell One’s narrator, who neither attempts to create a sense of universality, nor invites the reader into the the characters world. In fact, Cell One’s narrator dares not share information about Cell One, where Nnamabia is kept at the end of the story, in order to remove the aspect of universality, and allow for the reader to evoke their personal fears, but never to put oneself in his "awful situation", as the narrator dares not do it herself. The cell, as portrayed by the narrator, is the place wherein your fears are true – after all, it is left entirely to the reader’s imagination what happens in there. This is further exacerbated by the general feeling of envy towards Nnamabia that the narrator seems to feel, as though he were too good to be in that situation, or the normality of the absurd that permeates the story should not have led him there. A great example of this is early in the story, when Nnamabia fakes a break-in in their house and sells his mother's jewellery, receiving no punishment at all. A second-person narrator like the one in The Thing Around Your Neck would perhaps display the same envy, but it is hard to argue that it would purposefully omit in the same way, after all, it is your story being told.
	Both of the before-mentioned narrators pose a divergence from the one in The Headstrong Historian, who seems a lot more objective and direct. In this story, there is an interesting shift of focus with each new generation, from the tribal ways of the grandmother, to the religiously zealous son, to the fighting-warrior-spirited granddaughter. With each change of focus, however, the narrator maintains its objective storytelling, almost as if it is a retelling of history, just the facts, not their own personal stories and developments.
	Adichie uses the narrator in her stories to dictate the proximity we are to have to the characters – either turning us into the character, in The Thing Around Your Neck, or limiting how much we can experience through an overly “logical”, factual storytelling or overly “emotional” personal experience storytelling. The feeling of defeat which a reader often feels in her stories is also by and large felt by the narrator, however as one reads her stories, this cloud of defeat seems to only exist between the narrator and the reader – and never felt by the characters. This phenomenon is quite clear from the approach that characters have in Cell One – the acceptance that it was the season of theft, or the season of gangs, though they don't seem to care. Nevertheless, her characters are often portrayed as strong: you in the Thing Around Your Neck, who despite everything remain hopeful, and the main characters in the Arrangers of Marriage.
	In short, Adichie is able to portray a multitude of feelings and perspectives through her excellent use of varying styles of narration. From forcing the reader to feel as though it is their story – in The Thing Around Your Neck – to mostly telling a seemingly objective story in The Headstrong Historian, Adichie’s narrators are a part of the story itself, or rather, how the reader is able to take the stories and understand them. Her narrators also seem to be able to allow you to feel the indignation, fear, and many other feelings, to which her characters seem impervious.
